README.md, before:

# React Native with Drizzle ORM

[Run Migration](https://orm.drizzle.team/kit-docs/commands)

Additional features:
- [@expo/vector-icons](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/icons/) A popular icon set through an icon font
- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) Create native apps for Android, iOS, and more using React
- [@react-navigation/native](https://reactnavigation.org/) React Native integration for React Navigation.
- [Expo SQLite](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/sqlite-next/) A library that provides access to a database
- [Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite/) Drizzle ORM is a headless TypeScript ORM
- [react-native-auto-size-text](https://github.com/juniorklawa/react-native-auto-size-text/) Resize text within a certain dimension/parent.
- [Expo](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite/) Create universal native apps with React that run on Android, iOS, and the web
- [dayjs](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite/) Minimalist JavaScript library that parses, validates, manipulates, and displays dates and times
- [@react-native-segmented-control/segmented-control](https://github.com/react-native-segmented-control/segmented-control/) React Native SegmentedControl library.


## Screenshots

Commit message:

Update README.md with inspiration from Budget-Buddy-App

README.md, after:

# React Native with Drizzle ORM

Big inspiration is from [Beto](https://github.com/betomoedano)'s [Budget-Buddy-App](https://github.com/betomoedano/Budget-Buddy-App)

[Run Migration](https://orm.drizzle.team/kit-docs/commands)

Additional features:
- [@expo/vector-icons](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/icons/) A popular icon set through an icon font
- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) Create native apps for Android, iOS, and more using React
- [@react-navigation/native](https://reactnavigation.org/) React Native integration for React Navigation.
- [Expo SQLite](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/sqlite-next/) A library that provides access to a database
- [Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite/) Drizzle ORM is a headless TypeScript ORM
- [react-native-auto-size-text](https://github.com/juniorklawa/react-native-auto-size-text/) Resize text within a certain dimension/parent.
- [Expo](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite/) Create universal native apps with React that run on Android, iOS, and the web
- [dayjs](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite/) Minimalist JavaScript library that parses, validates, manipulates, and displays dates and times
- [@react-native-segmented-control/segmented-control](https://github.com/react-native-segmented-control/segmented-control/) React Native SegmentedControl library.


## Screenshots
